from the shelter of the victor harbor
boat ramp within seconds Danny vines
rigid inflatable is up and away for a
quick circuit of all that makes the
southern Florio coastline so impressive
granite island the causeway the bluff
their iconic landmarks for anyone who's
holidayed on the south coast but most of
us only get to see them from land on
Danny vines tour you get an entirely
different perspective and it really
opens your eyes to one of the most
spectacular stretches of coastline in
south australia between may and october
dan and his big duck as he
affectionately calls it share this
stretch of coast with other visitors who
come from much further away to bask in
the warmer waters of South Australia
well I will stumble across I'd say five
or six southern right whales this one
now here in the victor harbor to start
from burma beach and what's that
breaching all about well uh no one knows
i understand why they do it but its
believers to communicate with each other
and also a way of freeing up barnacles
and parasites on their bodies on Danny
vines big duck boat tour Nature has a
way of interrupting the regular
commentary whether it's whales suddenly
emerging like sunken reefs to reveal all
their mammoth glory or curious
characters like these who can be a
little too inquisitive they get pretty
excited when we arrive and sometimes i
zoom out towards the boat so yeah it's
oh he's a exciting part of the tour you
were saying the other day you had to
stop one coming into the boat yeah
they're getting bit too friendly at the
moment oh that's actually yeah put my
hand out to someone jumping on board is
a great thing about your tour is that it
is nature writ large I mean you're up
close and personal with nature the whole
time on you yeah it is it's amazing it's
great to see ya these wild animals in
the natural environment the New Zealand
fur seals having a care in the world I
except for maybe the occasional white
pointer but today it's all sunshine and
play in a location Dan long thought had
been under sold to us locals West
Ireland just around from the bluff is
proof of what lies just around the
corner and out of sight for so many
landlocked visitors to victim and so to
this amazing stretch of coast
why pinga cliffs so from leviathans of
the deep to cliffs that reach for the
sky the south coast has got it all and
the best way to see it is on the big
duck boat tour for more information
visit South Australia com
you